DOCSP-28046 Removed advanced backend compaction (#392)
mongodb/docs-app-services: source/sync/go-to-production/optimize-sync-atlas-usage.txt

> Sync should always converge at the same end state on all clients. In

Author: @kmorkos Will delete the example. Is the section content related to client resets no long relevant as well?

> Sync should always converge at the same end state on all clients. In

Reviewer: Hm, I suppose the content still reads correctly with respect to trimming, but it feels redundant given that trimming is already described two other times on this page ([Trimming](https://docs-atlas-staging.mongodb.com/atlas-app-services/docsworker-xlarge/DOCSP-28046/sync/go-to-production/optimize-sync-atlas-usage/#trimming) and [Client Maximum Offline Time](https://docs-atlas-staging.mongodb.com/atlas-app-services/docsworker-xlarge/DOCSP-28046/sync/go-to-production/optimize-sync-atlas-usage/#client-maximum-offline-time)). I'll let you decide if this section is adding any more value.

-------

- Device Sync uses space in your synced Atlas cluster to store change history.
- Backend compaction reduces the space usage of this history for Partition Based Sync apps.
- Trimming reduces the space usage for Flexible Sync apps, but can cause client resets for clients who have not connected to the backend in more than the client maximum offline time (in days).

> - Flexible Sync apps that do not specify a client maximum offline time do not apply trimming, so clients of any age can sync without experiencing a client reset.

Reviewer 2: When you enable Flexible Sync in an app, client maximum offline time is enabled by default with a value of 30 days. So I don't think it's accurate to say "Flexible Sync apps that do not specify a client maximum offline time" because you don't _have_ to specify this in order for trimming to occur - it's enabled by default. It would probably be more accurate to say "Flexible Sync apps that have disabled client maximum offline time" because that's an additional action you must take to change the default state.
```suggestion
- Flexible Sync apps that have disabled client maximum offline time do not apply trimming, so clients of any age can sync without experiencing a client reset.
```
